chore: pin at debian 12 (#72)
cal-itp/docker-python-web: docs/guides/testing-changes.md

# Testing changes

Each time we update the underlying version of Python or the base OS the steps below are a good way to verify compatibility.

- Make sure the change is compatible with the python dependencies of dependent projects
- Rebuild the local image - `docker compose build app --no-cache`

## Test [Benefits](https://docs.calitp.org/benefits/) with the updated local base image

> 1. Update Benefits Dockerfile to use `docker-python-web:app`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update `appcontainer/Dockerfile` to use `docker-python-web:app` (remove the `ghcr.io/cal-itp/` and replace `main` with `app`)
```

1. Rebuild Benefits image - `docker compose build client --no-cache`
1. Open Benefits devcontainer with "Rebuild Without Cache and Reopen in Container"
1. Run app locally and go through a few full flows
1. Verify that unit tests pass

## Test [eligibility-server](https://docs.calitp.org/eligibility-server/) with the updated local base image

1. Update eligibility-server Dockerfile to use `docker-python-web:app`
1. Rebuild eligibility-server image - `docker compose build server --no-cache`
1. Open eligibility-server devcontainer with "Rebuild Without Cache and Reopen in Container"
1. Verify that unit tests pass

> 1. Point Benefits compose.yml at local `eligibility_server:latest` image

Reviewer: Uncertain if the rebuild I'm mentioning below needs to be without cache or not.

```suggestion

And confirm the update works in Benefits: 

1. Point Benefits `./compose.yml`'s `server` service at local `eligibility_server:latest` image
1. Rebuild the devcontainer
```
